---
layout: page
title: About
---
<a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew Napier</a> is a renowned metal sculpture artist and painter who, on the side, dabbles as an aspiring filmmaker. Errr, we may have that backwards, but who really knows? What we do know is the ever-elusive <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> (who is on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/andrewnapier/" target="_blank">instagram</a>, <a href="https://twitter.com/andrewnapier" target="_blank">twitter</a> and facebook) was born and raised in Wisconsin and attended the University of Wisconsin - Madison. In 2009, after working on Quentin Tarantino’s *Inglourious Basterds* in Berlin, the cheesehead left school and moved to Los Angeles. At the age of 22, <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> produced the 2012 Academy Award®-winning short film *Curfew*. He directed the feature documentary *Mad as Hell* (Hot Docs 2014 Winner Conscious Media Award), the award-winning narrative short *Grandma’s Not A Toaster* (Tribeca 2013) and the feature documentary *Mary and Bill* (Wisconsin Film Festival 2011 Winner Best Documentary). In 2017 <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> was the editor and executive producer of *Active Measures*, an acclaimed documentary about Russian interference in the 2016 election. His screenplay *Dogtooth*, which is a remake of Yorgos Lanthimos’ (director of *The Favourite*) Academy Award®-nominated Greek foreign film of the same name, was optioned by Mandalay Pictures. <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> is currently directing a feature documentary and writing a feature screenplay which he will also direct. While his whereabouts are unknown, word is that <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> is currently directing a feature documentary and writing a feature screenplay which he will also direct.

<a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> has been making films since he was eight years old — from fictional action films about <a class="alt-link" href="/cutting-room-floor">Al Capone</a>, to documentaries about Native American burial effigy mounds. Telling stories has always been his passion. After moving to LA, <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> was first hired by the online news show *The Young Turks*. As one of their earliest directors and producers, he was essential in helping build the company into a massive success on YouTube, reaching billions of views. During his tenure at *The Young Turks*, <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> co-created *What The Flick!?*, a popular online film review show. He followed and filmed Cenk Uygur (host and founder of *The Young Turks*) as he transcended from a YouTube sensation to a national television host on MSNBC and Current TV. This footage was later used for the film *Mad as Hell* which <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> independently directed, produced, and edited after he left the company. Oscilloscope Laboratories (a film distribution company founded by ‘Beastie Boys’ member Adam Yauch) released *Mad As Hell* both theatrically and on all digital and VOD platforms on Feb 6th, 2015. <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew's</a> short film *Grandma’s Not A Toaster* premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and became a ‘Staff Pick’ on Vimeo where it has reached a wide audience. It was distributed by Tribeca Film playing globally on United Airlines.

In addition to directing, <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> has had a prolific career as a producer and editor of both documentary and narrative films. He produced and edited the feature documentaries; *The Past is a Grotesque Animal* (Sundance Now Doc Club 2014), about the band ‘of Montreal’ and frontman Kevin Barnes, and *Bounce: How the Ball Taught the World to Play* (SXSW 2015). <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> was the editor and executive producer of the award-winning art house film *Wasted Beauty*, produced by Eva Longoria. He co-produced the feature romantic comedy *Lust For Love* (2014) starring Fran Kranz and Dichen Lachman. He was the executive producer of the popular documentary *The Culture High*, the drama *A Real Adventure* starring Josh Zuckerman, and the dark comedies *The Lord of Catan* starring Amy Acker, and *Limbo* starring H. Jon Benjamin and Natasha Leggero. <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> was an editor of the feature dramas: *Before I Disappear* (SXSW 2014 Audience Award Winner, IFC Films) and *Sidney Hall* (Sundance Film Festival 2017, A24), for which he also served as an associate producer. He edited two episodes for First Look Media’s (Spotlight) documentary series *Primaries*, about the 2016 election, which aired on Fusion TV. <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> is managed by Ellen Goldsmith-Vein at The Gotham Group.

Along with his passion for welding and painting, <a class="secret-link" href="/art-sucks">Andrew</a> enjoys mountaineering, wine, sci-fi novels, not using snapchat, wine, saving the world from Artificial Intelligence on a daily basis, and wine.

<a href="/contact" class="btn">Contact</a>

<a href="/films" class="btn mt0">Films</a>
